Kim: Five minutes to air.
First team in the studio,
please. Five minutes.
Natalie:
Well, I've heard the rumor.
Jeremy:
And I've heard the rumor.
-- That's two...that's three.
-- Plus Kim.
Three people
have heard the rumor.
So I think we're justified
in being nervous.
I think we're justified
in being damn nervous,
and I'm somebody
who can be, frankly, nervous
-- without much justification at all.
-- I know.
-- Elliott, have you heard the rumor?
-- Yes, I have.
That's four.
That's four people we know
who've heard the rumor.
And that's only counting the people
we know who've heard the rumor.
That's right.
What exactly
does a ratings expert do?
Well, presumably,
he raises ratings.
-- What's wrong with our ratings?
-- Our ratings are fine.
-- We come in third.
-- Consistently.
-- Damn straight. -- We come
in third each and every week.
The only way
we could possibly do better
-- is if we came in first or second.
-- That's right.
-- It's not like we're those clowns
in fourth. -- Bunch of losers.
I honestly don't see
the logic in hiring someone
to come in here and shake things
up in order to gain share points
when our ratings
are perfectly fine.
-- It's illogical. -- And yet
four people have heard the rumor.
-- You guys hear about the ratings guy?
-- A full five people now.
-- Good show.
-- Good show!
I'm a little worked up
about this.
-- As well you should be.
-- As well should we all.
[Knock on door]
Come in.
-- Hi.
-- Hello.
-- What's up?
-- Dana, what are you wearing?
-- Do you like it?
-- As a matter of fact, I do.
Tell me something. Why would
the nickel back have set up
5 yards off the line on
third and one inside the 50
and they've been going
off tackle all day?
Well, you have to figure --
Excuse me, Dana.
Sweetie, Dana can tell when
you're staring at her breasts.
-- I wasn't.
-- It's okay.
-- I mean, my eyes naturally went there, but
now I'm fine. -- Why are you wearing that?
I assume after the show
you're going directly
to an important
business meeting.
She's going
to a bachelorette party.
Why are you wearing
those clothes?
-- The bachelorette party is biker-themed.
-- It's biker-themed?
It's biker-themed.
We're all being picked up and
escorted to the party on Harleys.
-- I'm going to ride on the
back of a hog. -- Yeah?
-- I know the lingo. -- Listen,
have you heard the rumor?
-- About the ratings guy?
-- Is it true?
-- No. -- No, you haven't
heard the rumor?
Yes, I've heard the rumor.
No, it isn't true.
-- Really?
-- There's no ratings guy.
Five people
have heard the rumor.
Five people are wrong.
-- Show me San Diego. Show me Oakland.
-- Three minutes out.
Loading animation
one through five.
-- Loading sound 5.
-- Chyr0n's clear on 60?
-- It's clearing.
-- Oakland's up.
Thank you, Dave.
Stop looking at my ass.
No problem.
My point is that it can't be
any old first date.
The bar here is very high, not so much
because it'll be my first date with Dana,
but because it'll be
Dana's first date with me,
and I'm known in some parts
for my first date.
In certain parts,
I have a rep.
There's such a thing
as street cred. Dan...
Listen to this.
Tell them
about my street cred.
-- [Laughs] Seriously...
-- Tell them about my rep.
You don't have a rep.
You don't have street cred.
Your last date
was 14 years ago,
and you ended up with
a marriage and a divorce.
Oh, in some parts --
No, there are no parts.
Now, listen to this.
Dave: Two minutes to VTR.
-- I just hung up the phone.
What's the best news
I could have?
You won a 4-week vacation
to someplace else?
The best news I could have
for me.
You got invited to Hillary
Clinton's fund-raising breakfast.
I got invited to Hillary Clinton's
fund-raising breakfast --
me, the first lady,
scrambled eggs,
lively conversation.
It turns out it wasn't that hard.
You know what you have to do?
-- Write a check for $1,000?
-- That's right.
But not everyone was given
that opportunity. I was asked.
They asked you for $1,000,
and you gave it to them.
That's incredible, Danny.
I was picked, Casey.
I was identified.
Yes, it's called
"being a mark."
I gladly gave my money
to a good fight.
Danny, Isaac's got enough to deal
with from the network right now
without you getting
into a good fight.
-- This isn't about politics. --
She's running for the Senate.
This is about me...
Ms. Hillary Rodham
of Chicago,
and a connection.
There'll be a connection?
I believe there will be.
This really isn't
political, is it?
No, sir, it is not.
You have a crush
on Hillary Clinton.
I carry a torch
for her, yes.
You're hot for Mrs. Clinton.
Well, I mean, who isn't?
But, in my case, it's more than physical.
It's cerebral.
No doubt about it. I think we need
to get you a C.A.T. scan, and stat.
I would like to have
an intelligent,
high-minded, right-thinking,
socially progressive,
impressively pragmatic
conversation with Hillary Clinton.
[Stomps foot]
Tomorrow morning I shall.
Shall you?
Yes, and she will say,
"My goodness.
"That Dan Rydell is
such a bright young boy --
"so much more than
sports scores and highlights.
I think I'll make him
my gentleman friend."
Dave: Rolf VTR. -- VVell, then,
here's to you, Mrs. Robinson.
-- 60 seconds live. -- What
kind of world do we live in
when third place isn't almost
as good as second place?
-- Jeremy... -- The rumors
are undeniable, Dana.
-- No, they're not undeniable. I'm
denying them. -- Do the count again.
-- Natalie and me -- that's two.
-- Don't do the count.
Kim and Elliott --
that's four. Casey and Dan.
-- That's six.
-- Thanks.
Will, Chris, and Dave --
-- I'm just doing this in my head,
but that's nine, right? -- Yes.
Isaac, good, you're here.
What are you dressed as?
I'm going to a bachelorette party.
It's a theme bachelorette party.
-- Ask her what the theme is. --
I just assumed it was hookers.
It's biker chicks.
-- Just as good in my book.
-- 30 seconds live.
-- Isaac, tell these people, would you?
-- Tell them what?
Tell them the rumor
isn't true.
Tell them there isn't a ratings
expert coming in to work on the show.
The rumor is true.
There is a ratings expert coming to work
on the show, and he's coming tomorrow.
The network
hired a ratings guy?
The network didn't hire him.
I did.
Dana, this may not be
the right time,
but that's 10.
In 3...2...
Good evening.
From New York City,
I'm Casey McCall
alongside Dan Rydell.
Those stories, plus we'll
take you around the NHL,
where the Red Wings did some
damage to the duck pond,
and we'll take you
around the NFL,
where the Dolphins did
some damage to themselves.
All that coming up after this.
You're watching “Sports Night“
on CSC, so stick around.
Dave." We're out.
Ever been
on a carriage ride?
What do you think
I should wear tomorrow?
Natalie: You know nothing
about the ratings guy?
I know the exact same thing
you know.
I know Isaac is in meetings,
and he'll talk to us
about it later.
My question is where's Dana?
-- I'm back.
-- How was it?
Fantastic.
Good scrambled eggs?
-- Excellent scrambled eggs.
-- Connection?
Connection made,
my young friend.
-- Does anybody care if I'm not part of
this? -- It's just as well, Natalie.
There are gonna be some parts
of this story
that are unsuitable
for mixed company.
-- I have to edit tape.
-- Where did you say Dana was?
She was up all night. And she called
and said she'd be in an hour late.
She was skanking around town
all leathered up?
-- I guess so.
-- Excellent.
Hey, you're talking
about the woman
whose first date with me
I'm planning.
That was some pretty
interesting grammar.
See you at the rundown.
Casey, it was the best
breakfast of my life.
For a thousand bucks,
I imagine it'd be up there.
I was introduced to her.
She held out her hand.
Hillary Clinton.
There she was --
the hair, the shoes,
and the whole thing.
She said, "Dan, let me" --
First of all,
she called me "Dan."
Were you wearing a name tag?
Yeah.
All right, anyway,
she said, "Dan, I'm not
much of a sports fan,
"but when I've watched
your show..."
[Laughs]
"you've made me laugh."
You've made quite a few
of us laugh.
Okay, you know what? She said
something nice about you,
but I'm not gonna
tell you what it was.
Carriage ride through
the park -- in or out?
I'm not gonna
tell you that, either.
Finish the story.
The story is we had a
conversation -- seriously.
Someone
had clearly briefed her
on my stuff
with the public schools,
and I told her
about my opposition
to secular programs that
are publicly financed.
I really spoke up,
and she seemed to listen.
-- You mean nonsecular.
-- What do you mean?
You don't oppose
secular programs
that are publicly financed,
you oppose nonsecular programs
that are publicly financed.
-- Yes.
-- Go on.
Wait.
-- I'm right.
-- Are you sure?
"Nonsecular" means
"bound to religious guidelines."
"Secular" means
"free of religion."
Okay. I'm sure I got it
right at breakfast.
Well, 50/50 chance.
[Sighs deeply]
-- Yeah.
-- So, go on.
-- I'm gonna go -- I'm gonna
change my clothes. -- Okay.
-- I didn't get it right.
-- I know.
-- I blew it.
-- Yes.
I mixed up. I inverted the definitions
of “secular“ and “nonsecular.“
Looks like that
might be the case.
-- Hillary Clinton thinks I'm an idiot!
-- Either that or a religious bigot.
-- I went to an Ivy League school, Casey.
-- A proud day for Dartmouth, Dan.
I made an idiot out of myself
in front of Hillary Clinton.
Yeah, but at least you had to
spend 1,000 bucks to do it.
[Sighs]
Well, clearly, I have to
get in touch with her.
Clearly.
I need her to know
that I know the difference
between secular
and nonsecular.
You don't know the difference
between secular and nonsecular.
Yeah, but I do now, and I should have then.
I have to call her.
At this point, I'd say
it's a moral imperative.
-- I'll call her hotel. --
They'll put you right through.
I'm not saying it's not
going to take perseverance,
but I'm going to make contact
with this woman.
-- Good luck.
-- Thank you.
-- Casey...
-- I can't talk right now.
No problem. Casey --
Hey, I'm glad you're here, because
we have some decisions to make.
I've had an epiphany.
-- Really?
-- Yeah!
-- Walk with me.
-- Okay.
I was up all night.
I heard.
Good bachelorette party?
It was great, but that's not
where I was all night.
Where were you all night?
-- Having an epiphany.
-- Was there a stripper?
-- At the party? Yes, there was.
-- Yeah.
Did he have
a better body than me?
Of course he had
a better body than you, Casey.
He was a professional
male stripper.
You know,
let me tell you something.
When we're asked, men know
how to answer that question.
It's not like I'm not
qualified for the job, Dana.
-- It's just...
-- I know. I understand.
Do you want to hear
about the epiphany?
-- No.
-- Casey...
Yes, but first, let me just
clear this plan with you.
I pick you up
Saturday at 8:00.
Drinks at Moomba,
dinner at Cafe des Artistes,
and then -- wait for it -- a carriage ride
through the park with a bottle of champagne.
-- I can top that. -- [Snaps
fingers] I'm listening.
Instead of doing all that as
our first date Saturday night,
we postpone our first date
for six months
while you see other women.
-- I'm sorry?
" H was mY epiphany.
What was your epiphany?
That instead of you and I
going out on our first --
Don't say it again.
What's happened?
-- Listen.
-- I am.
The bride, my friend --
at this thing last night --
someone leaned over to me and
said “It's I never gonna last.“
What's never gonna last?
The bride and the guy.
Why not?
Because he was basically the
only guy she dated as an adult,
and either she was gonna
meet someone better
or she'd always feel like she
could have met someone better.
-- Dana...
-- Casey...
You started dating Lisa
when you were 18.
-- You married her when you were 23.
-- I remember all that.
I think you know
how I feel about you, Casey.
I think I do.
-- I want us to have a clear
shot at this. -- Me too.
-- The date you planned sounds great.
-- Yes, it does.
-- We're definitely going to do it.
-- Okay.
But first, you got
to date other women.
Let's go back
to the beginning.
You are about five different
kinds of crazy, you know that?
I don't think this is
the time or place, do you?
No, you're right. Let's discuss
this six months from now
after I've had more
experience with psychos.
I have to talk to Isaac now.
-- What if I just flat-out refuse?
-- What do you mean?
What if I just refuse
to go along with your plan?
Then you do not get
the wonder that is me.
I'm not sure I want
the wonder that is you.
Well, that's entirely
up to you.
-- Yes, it is. Okay.
-- That's right.
-- Fine. -- I-l want
to kill you right now.
Problem is that's not
the only thing
you want to do with me
right now, is it?
No, that's pretty much it.
I have to talk to Isaac now.
What's the problem here?
He's mad 'cause I had
an epiphany and he didn't.
This isn't happening.
[Knock on door]
-- Come in.
-- Hey.
How was the hooker party?
Biker party. It was fine.
How was therapy?
-- I walked 1/10 of a mile
on the treadmill. -- Good.
-- Who's the ratings guy?
-- Now, Dana, don't go --
-- His name's Sam Donovan.
Is he good?
-- No, I decided to hire a moron.
-- Isaac...
I think he's the best
in the business.
I think there's
no one else close.
Who do I answer to --
you or him?
Well, that's not how --
Isaac, who do I answer to,
you or him?
I want you to work
with him, Dana.
I want you to make this work.
It'll just be a short while.
-- You didn't have to do this.
-- We're in third place.
-- We were ticking up on our own.
-- Not fast enough.
Fast enough for you,
fast enough for us.
Not fast enough for them.
I got to tell you,
the sight of you -- the sight of
Isaac Jaffee fearing for his job...
I want you
to work with him, Dana.
I want you to make this work.
-- Is there a number?
-- What?
ls there a set number
of women?
I don't know.
'Cause if there's
a set number of women,
maybe you can just get them
out of the way, bing-bam-boom.
-- Bing-bam-boom? -- That was me getting
women out of the way really fast.
-- You don't think her epiphany
sounds insane? -- I sort of do, yeah.
But she didn't run it by me, so this
is the kind of thing that happens.
No, this is the kind of thing that
happens when she does run it by you,
so I'm surprised to hear
you weren't involved.
Turning on me isn't
going to solve anything.
What did he say?
His name's Sam Donovan.
He's supposed to be very good.
-- VVell, did Isaac say why all of a sudden
he decided to -- -- What do you think?
Natalie, let me have senior
staff at 10 minutes to air.
-- Sure. By the way,
this plan -- -- Yeah.
Never ran it by me.
I'm going with my instincts
on this one.
It shows.
I got to get to work.
-- Dana, I have dated women before.
-- You have not.
What about that double date at Anthony
Anthony's with you and Gordon?
It almost turned
very serious with that girl.
-- What was her name? -- Ah, for
the life of me, I can't remember.
That's 'cause you ended up sitting at the
bar with me watching “Sports Night.“
-- What about Sally?
-- That wasn't dating.
VVell, we slept together almost
every night for three months.
-- Thanks for reminding me.
-- Dana...
That wasn't dating. That was
two lonely and pathetic people
slinking off after her
crappy, little 2:00 A.M. show,
getting drunk,
and using each other for sex.
-- That's not dating?
-- No.
Okay, but still, can I just do that for
a little while and we'll call it --
-- No, sir!
-- Listen...
Casey, I have dated,
and I'm done.
The next thing I have --
I want it to be serious.
The last thing you had,
you were engaged.
You got to trust me on this.
No, I don't think I do
have to trust you on this.
We have a magical
first kiss in my office --
I do not deny it was magical.
You better not deny
it was magical,
because I took you
off your feet, woman.
I rocked you back.
I do not deny it.
I plan our first date --
Moomba, Cafe des Artistes --
Carriage rides are out,
by the way.
They are not out.
They are back in.
Yeah?
If you're from Akron.
[sighs] Hey.
I'm not saying I wouldn't
have had a good time.
-- So, this woman comes along at
your biker party -- -- Deanna.
This drunken,
bitter, lesbian woman.
Now, why would you do that? Why would
you go to lesbian right there?
-- Tell me you're not a homophobe. --
Are you saying in order to prove to you
that I'm grown-up enough
to go outwith you,
you're gonna make me go out and
find other women to sample first?
-- I'm not even gonna ask for approval.
-- Thanks.
-- Casey...
-- Dana...
We'll have more time
to talk about this later.
Just know that I want to give
us the best possible chance.
So you're going to have me
date your friends?
I gotta go.
You all right?
Actually, I am frightened
of my own life,
but I'll talk to you later.
Good.
[sniffs]
[Chuckles]
-- [ Sighs] I'm going to have
to live with this. -- Yes.
She never returned my calls.
That's pretty surprising.
She never returned my calls,
and I'm going to
have to live with this
the rest of my natural life.
It's out there now,
and it's probably getting
blown all out of proportion.
Listen.
You can hear the whispers
from the treetops.
You know a lie can make it
halfway around the world
before the truth has a chance
to get its boots on?
What are you,
Burl Ives all of a sudden?
As a matter of fact,
that was Mark Twain.
-- I know who it was.
-- And so do I.
And I'm able to quote him
because I'm educated.
I know things.
-- You work your whole life,
and in an instant... -- Yes.
I'm sure she's told
her friends by now.
Let's go.
-- It's just out there...
-- Danny...
and it can't be gotten back.
What do you think
I should do about this?
I think you should do
what she tells you to do.
She had a weird night
at a party.
Things will look different
in the cold light of day.
-- Do you think? -- Does the plan
include you're supposed to have sex?
I don't know.
I assume it's an option.
-- You've explained to her that the
plan is insane? -- I'm trying.
-- You want me to take a whack at it?
-- No.
-- What's going on? -- I wanted us to say
hello to Sam Donovan before the show started.
I'm sorry?
I said I wanted us
to say hello to Sam Donovan,
the ratings consultant,
before the show started.
I thought you said,
“I was thinking about my dating
plan and realized I was mental.“
No.
-- Where is he?
-- I don't know.
Can I just say that I've had
experience with this before
and I think you're all a little
too worried about nothing?
These guys tend
to be obnoxious,
but I've found they're mostly
obsequious and starved for acceptance.
"Boned" and "deboned"
mean the same thing.
Would you give it a rest?
Actually, Danny's right. These
guys just want to be liked.
We show him that he's
perfectly welcome here
but make it clear
we do a good show,
it's our show, and we're reluctant
to have the network involved
in creative
or editorial decisions.
We can't do that.
-- Why? -- 'Cause Isaac
wants me to work with him.
-- Dana... -- I'm gonna
work with him, Casey.
It's just for a few weeks.
[Sighs]
There's such a word
as "disheveled,"
but “sheveled“ is nowhere to
be found in the dictionary.
Danny...
I'm just saying
English sucks.
We're starting
to press the clock.
Dave, do me a favor.
Get us at ready-1.
Kim, Elliott, go ahead
and do your pref light.
-- Exactly how many dates do
I have to go on -- -- Later.
This is nice.
This is like quiet time.
The hell with it.
Let's go and do the show,
and then --
Excuse me.
Are you Sam Donovan?
Yeah. I was just looking
for my office.
I'm Dana Whitaker.
How you doin'?
-- Dan Rydell.
-- Casey McCall.
Good to meet you.
If someone could just
point me toward my office...
We got together like this
to welcome you.
Thanks. My office?
I'm sorry.
You don't have one yet.
I'm sure Janie, our
office manager -- [Thud]
-- That'll be taken care of
by the morning? -- Yeah.
Who's the segment producer
tonight?
-- I am.
-- What's your top story --
-- Oakland or Ted Marchibroda?
-- Ted Marchibroda.
Make it Oakland, will you?
Move Marohibroda to the 10-block.
Fill with the wild card.
-- Are you scripted in the ones?
-- Yeah, but --
Excuse me, Jeremy.
Sam, what are you doing?
-- Hmm? -- I said,
“What are you doing?“
It's gonna be helpful if you get
used to not asking that question.
Hang on.
You can't just come in here
and start dictating policy.
Now, we're ready to work with
you as long as you understand
that this is our show
and we feel we do it well.
You should also bear in mind that
Dana doesn't stand alone here.
Unless you want your first
action as a consultant
to cause a full-staff walkout,
including the on-air talent and
producers, I'd downshift a little.
You shouldn't think that just because I'm
looking at you while you're talking to me
that I'm necessarily listening to
or caring about what you're saying.
It's just something I do
to be polite.
I was lying
on a beach in Bali.
I got a phone call.
I got on a plane for 14 hours.
I was hired to raise this show's
audience share 3 points.
Just between you and me,
I'm gonna raise it 3 1/2.
I'm not lacking in confidence
as far as that's concerned,
and because of that,
I can say this --
I honestly don't give a damn
if any of you work here or not.
Who's the coordinating
producer tonight?
I am.
Well, I've got 10:55.
You want to call places?
Places, first team.
Dana...
Go ahead, guys.
No, wait a second.
It's okay. Go ahead.
-- You sure?
-- Yeah. Good show.
I'm not gonna like you
very much, am I?
Oh, don't be ridiculous, Dana.
Everybody likes me.
Dave." In 3...2...
Good evening.
From New York City,
I'm Dan Rydell
alongside Casey McCall.
Those stories, plus “inside the
Playbook“ with Kelly Kirkpatrick,
“Center Ice“
with Jack Jankowitz,
and "The Infield Fly"
with Connie Morton in Chicago.
All that coming up after this.
You're watching “Sports Night“
on CSC, so stick around.
Dave." We're out.
On the next "Sports Night"...
I'm frightened
every time I'm near him.
You gotta face that fear.
If I allow you three
to go in there
and mess with my show,
will it keep my staff
from losing their jobs?
I can't make promises.
Fire me or shut the hell up.
It doesn't seem like he's
recovering as fast as we hoped.
You've become a malcontent,
Danny.
You've become
a secretary, Dana.
-- No one's blaming you.
-- Every0ne's blaming me!
-- We're in trouble.
-- I know.